Replace filter (#136)
sous-chefs/line-cookbook: CHANGELOG.md

# line Cookbook CHANGELOG

> # Unreleased - for target version 2.3.0 in mid Janary 2018

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Unreleased - for target version 2.3.0 in mid January 2019
```

Author: Fixed
